These are my solutions to the recursion problems in w3 resource.com 
Original solutions can be found on the website: https://www.w3resource.com/c-programming-exercises/recursion/index.php
This directory contains the following files:

* **HEADER FILES**

	* **recursion.h**
		- This file contains all the declarations for the functions coded in the source files.

* **SOURCE CODE FILES**
	* **1-print_to_fifty.c**
		- This file contains the code for the function **print_to_fifty** which prints the first 50 natural numbers
		  to standard output.

		**Parameters:** 
		The function **print_to_fifty** takes one integer parameter **n**. When **print_to_fifty** is to be called from another function,
		the integer **1** should be passed as an argument, which then will be copied to the function's parameter. This
		represents the starting point where the printing should begin.

		**Return Value:** 
		This function does not return any value to the main function; therefore, it's return type is **void**.

		**Usage:** 
		The function can be used to print the first fifty natural numbers when called from another function.
		Additionally, any other number less than 50 can also be passed and all natural numbers from that point up
		to 50 will be printed on the screen.

	* **2-sum_to_n.c**
		- This file contains the source code for the function **sum_to_n** which sums the numbers from 1 to n recursively.
		
		**Parameters:**
		The function **sum_to_n** takes an integer parameter named **n** which will contain the limit integer which is
		the point where the recursive addition will stop and the sum returned to the main function.
		
		**Return Value:** 
		This function returns an integer to the calling function which is the sum of integers from 1 to n.
		
		**Usage:** 
		This function can be used to add all numbers from 1 to n recursively.
	* **3-print_fibonacci.c**
		- This file contains the source code for the function **print_fibonacci** which generates a fibonacci
		  number and returns it to the calling function.
		
		**Parameters:** 
		The function print_fibonacci takes one parameter **n** of integer type. **n** represents the fibonacci
		term that is to be generated by the function.
		
		**Return Value:** 
		print_fibonacci has an **integer** return type which is the fibonacci number that is to be returned to the 
		calling function.
	* **4-print_array.c**
		- This file contains the source code for the print array function which prints elements of the array passed
		as an argument.

		**Parameters:**
		The print_array function takes two paramenters: **array** which is the array whose elements are to be printed
		on the screen and **n** which holds the number of elements in **array**— **n****-****1** should be passed as
		argument.
		
		**Return value:**
		**print_array** has a return type of void, meaning it does not return anything but print elements to stdout.

		**Debugging:**
		I took notice that w3 resource's solution to this problem involved a function with three parameters—these would be
		**array**, **start**,and **end** if we modified our code— and it is a good way to get past passing **n less 1** as a 
		parameter..
		
